#Name the components on this agentlume-hive-ingest.sources = src1
flume-hive-ingest.channels = chan1
flume-hive-ingest.sinks = fregadero1

# Describe/configure Source
flume-hive-ingest.sources.src1.type = spooldir
flume-hive-ingest.sources.src1.channels = chan1
flume-hive-ingest.sources.src1.spoolDir = /home/dsanchez/TFM/DatosEPA

flume-hive-ingest.sources.src1.interceptors = skipHeadI dateI
flume-hive-ingest.sources.src1.interceptors.skipHeadI.type = regex_filter
flume-hive-ingest.sources.src1.interceptors.skipHeadI.regex = ^ Fecha. *
flume-hive-ingest.sources.src1.interceptors.skipHeadI.excludeEvents = true
flume-hive-ingest.sources.src1.interceptors.dateI.type = regex_extractor
flume-hive-ingest.sources.src1.interceptors.dateI.regex = ^ (\ d +) -. *
flume-hive-ingest.sources.src1.interceptors.dateI.serializers = y
flume-hive-ingest.sources.src1.interceptors.dateI.serializers.y.name = a√±o

flume-hive-ingest.channels.chan1.type = memoria
flume-colmena-ingest.channels.chan1.capacity = 1000
flume-hive-ingest.channels.chan1.transactionCapacity = 100

flume-hive-ingest.sinks.sink1.type = hive
flume-hive-ingest.sinks.sink1.channel = chan1

flume-hive-ingest.sinks.sink1.type = hive
flume-hive-ingest.sinks.sink1.channel = chan1

flume-hive-ingest.sinks.sink1.hive.metastore = thirft: //one.hdp: 9083
flume-hive-ingest.sinks.sink1.hive.database = predeterminado
flume-hive-ingest.sinks.sink1.hive.table = existencias
flume-hive-ingest.sinks.sink1.hive.partition =% {year}
flume-hive-ingest.sinks.sink1.hive.txnsPerBatchAsk = 2
flume-hive-ingest.sinks.sink1.batchSize = 10
flume-hive-ingest.sinks.sink1.serializer = delimitado
flume-hive-ingest.sinks.sink1.serializer.delimiter =,
flume-hive-ingest.sinks.sink1.serializer.fieldnames = date, open, high, low, close, volume, adj_close